[tense music playing]
Peter, this is Alice.
She'll oversee your training
on this assignment, so follow her lead.
You're a night agent now.
Relationships are dangerous.
Alice!
- [gun firing]
- [Alice grunting]
[Peter] Alice is dead.
- What?
- [Peter] She's gone.
[keyboard clacking]
[Warren] The file I sold
was from early development.
It was called Foxglove.
[tires screeching]
[gun firing]
[Markus] We took the whole thing.
Trust me, cousin, it's better this way.
Seems the Iranians may have come
into possession of classified information.
[Aiden] POTUS wants to bring
Night Action in on it.
[Haleh in Farsi] I saw Javad noticing you.
- [in Farsi] I don't know him.
- [Haleh] So get to know him.
[Rose] It's an obituary
for a deceased Marine named Solomon Vega.
Says he's survived by his sister, Celeste.
Abbas Mansuri, Iranian ambassador
to the United Nations.
[Peter] Solomon Vega.
- They exchanged something.
- Who took the picture?
Noor Taheri. We're taking over her case.
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [car horns honking]
[in Farsi] I think it's great.
- It's evocative.
- [in Farsi] But?
It's dangerous to print such things.
Of course it's dangerous.
Anything worth a damn is dangerous.
Shaukat,
even if these accusations are true,
you're picking a fight
with the Revolutionary Guard.
That's the purpose of the newsletter.
"To poke the eye of power."
I know, but... if the mullahs read this,
they'll go crazy.
You're assuming they know how to read.
Besides, what do you care?
You'll be just another cog
in their machine soon enough.
Not everyone gets to be
a pirate journalist.
I know you don't approve
of the Foreign Ministry.
But it's where I can make
a real difference.
It's important to me.
Just as this newsletter is to you.
You should think about your brother.
He'll be of conscription age
next year, won't he?
These fanatics will push
their propaganda all over him.
It's nonsense, of course,
but the biggest lies are wrapped in candy.
Do you want him to suffer
like your father?
[banging on door]
[man in Farsi] Open the door! Now!
You can't be here. Go!
- What's happening?
- It's the police. Come.
- What about you?
- I'll be fine. Hurry!
[tense music playing]
[man in Farsi] We know you're in there.
Open the door or we'll break it.
[indistinct chatter]
You were warned about
publishing treasonous lies.
[man] Make way. Give us room!
[car door closing]
[indistinct chatter]
[officers speaking indistinctly]
[car engine starting]
[somber music playing]
[sinister music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
[woman in Farsi] What happened?
Why did they take her?
They were afraid of her.
[opening theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing in distance]
[contemplative music playing]
Edward?
Hello?
Hey.
[Noor gasping, yelling]
Sorry. Please.
[Noor breathing heavily]
Who are you?
I'm Peter, this is Rose.
I'm gonna say a few things.
If you don't like what you hear,
you are free to leave. Okay?
I don't work for the CIA,
but I've been briefed on your case.
And it's my understanding
you wanna get your family out of Iran,
bring them here to live in the U.S.
Is that right?
Okay.
Look, I'm taking over for Edward.
You understand?
This is one of the photos you took
of the man that met
with your ambassador, yes?
- Yes.
- What can you tell me about him?
The meeting was secret.
He scheduled it himself.
I don't know what they talked about,
but the ambassador
was given a briefcase before he left.
- I tried to tell Edward--
- Forget Edward. Okay?
You're talking to me.
- What was in the briefcase?
- I don't know. But he still has it.
It's locked up in his study.
Does that help?
It'd help me more
if I knew what was inside it.
You're asking me to get
what's in the briefcase?
Long enough to make copies
of what's in there.
[Noor sighing]
You do that,
we will get your family out of Iran,
bring them here
so you can all live together,
under our protection,
with our financial assistance.
- That's the offer.
- He can make that happen.
- And what if I don't do it?
- Then you'll never hear from me again.
And you can go back to the Mission and
try to live with the choice you've made.
My brother is due to be conscripted
into the army next week.
If he is, he will be shipped off to die
in some pointless proxy war
just like our father was.
I don't want that for him.
But I have UN prep all week,
a party tomorrow
at the ambassador's residence,
and then a three-day water conference.
I cannot neglect all of that
without being suspected.
Tell me about this party.
Wait, wait. I don't understand.
What exactly are you telling me?
He doesn't know anything about it.
An American spy sold intel
about an experimental
CIA weapon called Foxglove,
and you're saying that
his boss's boss at the CIA
doesn't know anything about it?
And that's not strange to you?
No, because Gedney's not a spook,
he's a bureaucrat.
That's why they put him in the big chair.
He doesn't know shit,
but he's good at pushing a pencil
from A to B.
So you don't mind if I take a run at him?
You know, ask him a few follow-ups?
- [Aiden] My word's not good enough?
- It's not your word I'm doubting.
[Aiden] Not everything is a conspiracy.
Political appointees are just as likely
to be dumb and feckless
as anyone else.
Are you calling
the director of the CIA dumb?
And feckless. Keep up, will you?
Aiden, Warren was our best lead.
[Aiden] You'll find others.
Just keep pounding the pavement.
I'll do the same on my end.
And leave Gedney alone.
[device beeping]
[inaudible]
[knocking on door]
[Catherine] Miss Vega? Hello?
[tense music playing]
[Catherine] Celeste?
Excuse me? Ma'am?
Do you know the woman who lives here?
- Is she in some kind of trouble?
- Oh no.
I'm with the ADRC.
It's a federally funded P&A system
that provides financial assistance
for people with disabilities.
Oh, the government.
Problem solved then. [chuckling]
[Catherine chuckling lightly]
I was hoping to talk to Miss Vega,
but her house looks completely empty.
It was the strangest thing.
Phil and I didn't even hear
the moving trucks
until they rolled on
down the street this morning.
She moved? In the middle of the night?
[woman] Yeah.
We'd help her with her groceries from time
to time, because, well... [chuckling]
Poor thing. I mean,
she didn't have many folks to help her.
Really? I was under the impression
she had a brother.
No. No, not that I've ever seen.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Thank you.
[birds chirping]
There are guards, security cameras,
and absolutely no phones
or electronics allowed,
except for pre-approved
Mission staff, like me.
What's this on the third floor?
That is Abbas's study,
where his briefcase is.
- Sorry, I'm not very good at drawing.
- You're doing fine.
- This the only staircase up?
- [Noor] No.
There is a services stairwell
in the butler's pantry.
- Is the study locked?
- Yes.
Key card access only. He keeps it on him.
That's not the only thing
you have to worry about.
Javad, our head of security,
is former Quds Force.
[Rose] What's that?
It's an elite branch
of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
He will be overseeing
every detail tomorrow night.
What about the cameras?
They record to a server
in the boiler room, I think.
But as far as I know,
they are not monitored.
[Peter scoffing]
Okay, so all I have to do
is get in, steal the key card,
take the service stairwell to the study,
find the briefcase,
document what's inside,
and get out, all without being detected?
Well, when you put it that way...
I am quite sure I can get you
the key card. It's just...
It's just what?
Abbas keeps it in his jacket pocket.
If... if there was a distraction,
something to take his attention away...
Or someone?
I could...
- No.
- Well, it was just an idea.
- Well, we'll think of another one.
- Will we? We don't have time.
Just give me a minute.
Uh, Peter, I can do it. It's okay.
It's not okay.
This is not why I let you stay here.
[chuckling] It's just a party, right?
I mean, if I get caught, I get kicked out.
If you get caught,
it's an international incident.
Noor's already putting herself at risk.
- No.
- Can you do this by yourself?
What happens if you don't find
what's in that briefcase?
Something really bad, right?
I can do it.
I'm gonna make some calls.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
- You're upset.
- A regular fucking Sherlock Holmes.
- Is this about the casualties?
- More like executions, don't you think?
But yeah. Yeah, that was a bit concerning.
Not half as much as the robbery itself.
I thought the plan was clear.
Situations change, so plans change.
Besides, this puts us
in a stronger position.
Forces them to take us seriously.
Which is what you want, no?
What I want, Markus,
is for you to understand
the delicate nature of this endeavor,
the fucking global politics involved,
and how it's taken months to plan.
What about your father?
His sentencing approaches.
I'm working on it.
I am.
But he's in the mess he's in because
he let militants like you stir him up.
If he'd just listened to me,
he wouldn't be imprisoned in The Hague
while interlopers dismantle
our entire family legacy.
- Am I interrupting something?
- No.
No. No, please.
[Solomon sighing]
I take my invitation here
as a signal you'd like to continue
with our arrangement.
- Do I have that right?
- Yes.
Yes, but thing is, I've got this lingering
question in the back of my mind.
You see, I know why I'm doing this.
Country, family, heritage.
But what I can't quite put my finger on
is what's in it for you.
Can I offer you some advice?
Never ask a question
you don't already know the answer to.
It's a confession of ignorance.
Are you suggesting I'm ignorant?
No.
It's just that you're asking
the wrong person.
[tense music playing]
[Solomon exhaling]
- [Solomon] Good night, gentlemen.
- Good night.
[music fades]
[in Farsi] Why are you still working?
[in Farsi] You know how Abbas gets
a week before General Assembly.
"Haleh, this is serious business."
"Haleh, this is important work."
"Haleh, give me this. Haleh, give me that.
Haleh, Haleh, Haleh."
[both chuckling]
He can be demanding.
I'm just looking forward to going home
so Bijan and I can have
more time to ourselves.
Speaking of romance...
Here it comes.
What? I can't be invested
in my friend's love life?
Noor, look around.
We don't have much for entertainment.
It was just lunch, Haleh.
It's not like we're planning to run away.
But you like Javad, no?
He's really very sweet.
[giggling] I knew it! Didn't I tell you?
I have a sixth sense about these things.
[Noor] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've heard all about your sixth sense...
And your seventh... And your eighth...
[keyboard clacking]
Go.
I'll finish for you.
Really?
[Noor] Yeah.
I have "serious business" to finish.
[both chuckling]
[tense music playing]
[keyboard clacking]
[music fades]
How's it going out here?
[file clattering]
Swell, huh?
I just-- I can't figure out these angles.
Don't let perfection
stand in the way of progress.
This has to be perfect, Rose.
[train rattling]
You know the thing
that I love about my work
is that if you can code it,
you can build it.
Of course, sometimes,
my abilities don't always match up
with the ideas in my head.
But on those super rare occasions,
you know what helps the most?
Troubleshooting.
I don't have the time
or the energy for this. Thank you, though.
Okay, just think of the stupidest version
of the plan and start there.
It's not about finding answers,
it's about building up to them
in a way that makes sense to you.
Just try it.
Start stupid.
You can do that, right?
[both chuckling]
Just... just go to sleep.
Hey.
Um...
I'm not sure
how this will all go tomorrow,
but I need you
to promise me something, okay?
If something goes wrong
at this party, like, at all,
you just turn around and walk out.
Right then and there, no risks.
Okay? Not... not even for me.
[dramatic music playing]
I understand.
That's not good enough.
I need you to promise me,
or I'll call this off.
I promise. [chuckling]
Night.
Oh, we close at nine, sorry.
Two minutes, I'll be in and out.
Read the sign.
[door rattling]
[lock clicking]
[door creaking open]
[door closing]
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, how did you...
Well, the sign says open.
You don't mind, right?
I just need my mail.
[man sighing]
Okay, what's the name?
Okay, one sec.
- [siren wailing in distance]
- [Catherine clearing throat]
[man] Here you go. [exhaling]
[package thudding]
[tense music playing]
[man] Something wrong?
Got a knife?
[knife clattering]
May wanna take a couple steps back.
[man chuckling]
Seriously.
[knife scraping]
There must be some mistake.
I shouldn't be getting this.
Oh.
Yeah...
Well, that's your name.
[car horns honking]
Hey. You're up.
Hey. You know that
"start stupid" idea you had?
I think it worked.
So the security server they're using
probably runs on a relay,
so if I can trip it, it'll give us about
15 minutes before the cameras reboot.
More than enough time to get in and out
of the ambassador's office
without raising any red flags
once I get the key card.
Noor will come through.
I'll make sure she gets it.
And, uh, you'll actually have some help.
[siren wailing in distance]
It's your date.
He's a Swiss attaché for special affairs.
He'll make sure
you get into the party, get out clean.
You have friends in Switzerland?
He's Catherine's guy.
But he'll make sure you're safe.
Yeah, for sure.
But wait, how will you get into the party?
I'm guessing you're not on the guest list.
[Peter] What's a party without catering?
[Rose chuckling]
- What?
- No, I... I think it's a... it's a good look.
You're totally gonna pull off
that hideous vest.
You're more than welcome
to return your dress and join me.
Uh, no thanks.
I waited enough tables in college.
I'll stick with the Swiss dude.
[both chuckling]
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[cell phone chiming]
Chasing fucking ghosts.
No offense.
[car engine revving]
[car engine stopping]
- [car doors opening, closing]
- [indistinct chatter]
[Catherine] Sir? Pardon me?
Are you Isaac Leeds?
Uh, girls, go in the house.
I'll be right in.
[Isaac] Yeah, I'm Isaac.
Isaac, hi.
I'm Catherine.
[door opening]
I worked with your late cousin, Alice,
and I just wanted to extend
my personal condolences,
as well as an apology.
Apology for what?
Well, it seems there was
some kind of shipping mishap,
but this should have gotten
to her loved ones much sooner.
You know, I barely knew Alice.
My uncle, her dad,
he talked about her all the time.
He was really proud too.
Especially when she joined the FBI.
[somber music playing]
[Isaac] But then she got some promotion,
I guess,
and she came around less and less,
until one day,
everyone just stopped hearing from her.
I don't know if it was the job,
or something about us,
but... I know that it broke her dad's heart.
You sent it back.
Something like that,
it should be with someone
that really knew her.
Cared about her.
[door opening, closing]
[tense music playing]
[knocking on door]
- [Haleh] Noor.
- [in Farsi] Come in.
[door opening]
Let's go. We have work to do
before the guests arrive.
[Noor] I'm coming.
[door closing]
[drawer sliding open]
[drawer sliding closed]
[Noor exhaling]
- [dramatic music playing]
- [woman vocalizing]
[Noor breathing deeply, exhaling]
- [music fades]
- [Peter exhaling]
Okay.
- You good?
- [Rose] Yeah.
Is it too much?
Uh, no. No, you look... you look great.
[Rose exhaling]
Could you give me a hand?
I couldn't get the clasps to hook.
Yeah.
[siren wailing in distance]
- There you go.
- [Rose] Thanks.
Okay, now, remember, if there's any
problem or trouble, make sure--
Walk out the front door,
forget you ever existed.
"Peter who?" Got it.
- Rose, this is serious.
- I understand.
[dramatic music playing]
Okay, well, see you at the party.
Okay. Be careful.
- Good luck.
- [Peter] You too.
[Peter sighing]
[tense music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
What's your name, dear?
Uh, Rose.
Rose?
Yeah.
[man inhaling deeply]
So for the purposes of this evening,
I'm going to, um, introduce you
as... Bettina.
- Bettina?
- Is that satisfactory?
Whatever you think works.
[both chuckling]
Grand.
So, uh, how long
have you worked with Catherine?
Not "with." For.
She's more of a captor than a colleague.
- A captor?
- [man] Mmm.
A few years back, I made an error,
particulars of which I'd like to forget.
And she caught me,
red-handed.
So this is my penance.
My way of making up for her silence.
How many more favors
does she have on that punch card?
[Rose chuckling]
Let's just focus on tonight, shall we?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
[suspenseful music playing]
[brakes squealing]
[car door closing]
[indistinct chatter]
Iran welcomes
our friends from Switzerland.
- Enjoy your evening.
- Thank you.
Uh...
Ma'am.
- Your phone.
- Oh, I didn't bring one.
Oh.
[Rose chuckling softly]
Thank you, darling.
[man] Don't worry. They're not gonna see...
[indistinct chatter]
[classical piano music playing]
[inaudible]
Uh, we're at a party, dear.
It's rude not to mingle.
[sighing] I just don't wanna lose track
of him.
We'll find him when the time is right.
Till then, patience.
[tense music playing]
- I'm gonna grab some more empties, okay?
- [woman] Okay.
[lock clicks]
[watch beeping]
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Ambassador. Your reception
for the foreign minister's a triumph.
- Emil!
- [Emil chuckling]
I wasn't expecting a visit
from our Swiss friends this evening.
And yet here I am,
materializing nonetheless.
[Abbas] Always welcome.
[both chuckling]
Please. Allow me
to introduce my companion.
Her name is Bettina.
Welcome. Pleasure to meet you.
[in German] What happened to the last one?
[in German] Alas,
they come and they go, don't they?
[Abbas] How old is she?
[in English] Bettina,
tell me, are you American?
I hope that's not a problem.
No, not for me, but for you.
- November, big decision...
- Oh.
Knox or Hagan for president.
Which one will you choose?
Seems like an easy decision to me.
[Abbas] Ah.
Emil, you've got a politician
on your hands.
- [in German] Watch out.
- [all chuckling]
Yeah.
[in German] I'll watch out
for a great number of things with her.
[all chuckling]
[Rose] Oh, what are those?
[in English] Oh,
pomegranate crostinis. Delicious.
- Please, help yourself.
- I'm gonna take two, if that's okay.
[Abbas speaking German indistinctly]
[Emil speaking German indistinctly]
[Rose coughing]
Bettina.
I think she's choking.
- Are you choking?
- Darling.
- She is choking.
- Do something.
- [Abbas] Are you choking?
- [Emil] Do something.
[Rose coughing]
[Emil] Do something, ambassador.
Please.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine.
[Emil] You gave us an awful fright.
You. Come help me with something. Now.
[ominous music playing]
[Rose] I... I just need to get some water.
[tense music playing]
- [whispering] What happened?
- Javad just took him somewhere.
Who, Peter? Where?
I... I don't know but we don't have
much time left. What should we do?
I, um...
I... I just need some air.
What? No, where are you going?
[Rose exhaling]
[Rose sighing]
[suspenseful music playing]
- Do you still have the key card?
- Yes.
Give it to me. And your phone.
I need it to take pictures.
Hurry, before I change my mind.
Okay, uh, find Peter and make sure
he's okay, all right?
[Rose breathing heavily]
[music fades]
[Peter] It's a shame, you know?
You couldn't have just re-gifted these?
These are cherished gifts
from trusted allies.
We would never just give them away.
But of course for us,
alcohol is forbidden.
So why would they gift you wine?
Our last ambassador,
he was a little loose with the rules.
But he was made to learn.
Tell me, Matt, how long have you worked
at this catering company?
[wine sloshing]
[Peter] A few months. Why?
You walk different than the others.
How do I walk?
With purpose.
- Just trying to do a good job.
- [Javad] I see.
And what were you doing before? For work?
[Peter] Uh, retail mostly,
but that's when I was living Upstate.
Now I'm just trying
to pay some bills, feed my dog.
He won't go for any of the canned stuff.
He only eats the premium boiled chicken.
[chuckling] What, uh... what breed?
He's a yellow Lab.
- You a dog guy?
- No.
I was under the impression that Labradors
had a natural allergy to chicken.
Not Scout. He, uh... he loves it.
Can't get enough of it.
Well, I think I'm done.
Can I get back to work?
Otherwise, they'll stick me on the van.
Um, no.
[tense music playing]
Not quite yet.
[indistinct chatter]
[device beeping]
[suspenseful music playing]
I spent a career in counterintelligence.
I find it extremely rewarding.
But like most jobs,
it tends to come home with you.
Little habits you pick up along the way.
For instance,
every single time I enter a room,
my eyes unavoidably plot out the escapes.
Every door, every window.
I couldn't stop doing it if I tried.
That's great, man.
I don't know what this has to do with me.
I was wondering the same thing
when I noticed
that you share my compulsion.
Counting windows and doors with your eyes.
Such a strange habit for a waiter,
wouldn't you say...
Matt?
It's been great talking to you,
but I gotta get back to work.
No, I don't believe you do.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[dial clicking]
[whispering] Shit.
[in Farsi] Is Javad in there?
Abbas needs to speak with him.
[in Farsi] He's busy. Go away.
I don't know who you think I am, man. I...
Whoever it is, yeah,
trust me, I'm a lot less interesting.
No. Don't sell yourself short.
We're just getting to know one another.
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
[inaudible]
[Noor's breath shuddering]
[Noor breathing deeply, exhaling]
Just a little bit.
[exclaiming] Oh my God!
[crowd gasping, murmuring]
This is a bespoke designer suit!
You spilled all over it!
I'm sorry.
Check your logs. Okay? I was cleared
to work here just like everybody else.
Oh, so you're saying if I ask the other
waiters, they would vouch for you?
- Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
- And what name should I give them?
Matt. My name's Matt.
Look, this is ridiculous.
I don't have to put up with this. Okay?
I'm an American citizen.
This is New York fucking City.
- You can't hold me prisoner.
- Can't I?
This is a diplomatic residence,
which means this very room
is sovereign territory
of the Islamic Republic.
- Great. Does that make you mayor?
- No.
It makes me God.
- [knocking on door]
- [door opening]
[Javad in Farsi] What?
We have an issue with one of our staff.
- Who?
- Noor.
Take him to the basement.
Put a scare into him.
Then we'll find out who he really is.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Emil] You careless idiot!
How do you expect me
to continue this evening drenched in--
What's the problem here?
- I'm covered in it no thanks to her!
- Sir. Lower your voice.
You're right, of course.
Perhaps I got carried away.
My apologies.
I'll go in search of some club soda.
[in Farsi] Are you okay?
Nothing happened to you, right?
[in Farsi] I'm sorry. It was all my fault.
It's all right.
Go get yourself cleaned up.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[latch clicking]
[knife scraping]
[knife clattering]
[door closing]
[music fades]
[Rose breathing deeply, exhaling]
[Haleh] Excuse me?
What are you doing up here?
How did you get that through?
Everyone's supposed
to hand in their phone at the entrance.
Oh, the line in the bathroom was so long,
and I thought there was one up here.
And I found this on the banister.
Any idea whose it is?
Yes. She works with me.
I'll make sure she gets it.
Now, if you please.
[Rose grunting]
[tense music playing]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Peter grunting]
[both grunting, straining]
- [Peter straining]
- [man grunting]
[both grunting]
[Peter panting]
[man 2 yelling]
[both grunting]
[Peter roaring]
- [electricity crackling]
- [man 2 screaming]
[both grunting]
- [electricity crackling]
- [man screaming]
[man yelling]
[man groaning]
I just gotta run to the catering van.
I'm running out of silverware.
[man 3] Hey.
Could you get me more
of those mini bread things?
Sure.
[suspenseful music playing]
[train rattling]
Rose.
Hey.
- [cell phone chiming]
- [phone line ringing]
[cell phone ringing]
[ringing stops]
Shit.
[indistinct chatter]
[piano music playing]
What happened to you?
Took one for the team.
[both chuckling]
Shall we?
I just need to...
[Emil] Oh, here, let me.
You've done enough for one evening.
Just put in a good word
with Catherine for me, will you?
[Rose chuckling]
All right.
Ah, my friend.
[both chuckling]
Wonderful evening. Fantastic.
[indistinct chatter]
[Byron] Of course.
That's the only reason he ever calls me.
Well, I know that he would like to text.
It would be easier--
[Byron] Catherine.
Four years in foreign operations,
five years at the bureau before that.
The woman never worked a load
she couldn't clear,
and if she did, she dug in,
made it her life,
because that's what the job demanded.
Okay, I don't know what all this is about,
but tonight's hardly the time or place
for this.
Yeah, you're right.
But that's the thing about sacrifice,
Director Gedney.
It's fucking inconvenient.
Are those someone's ashes?
For Christ's sake, Catherine. At dinner?
Her name was Alice Leeds.
She was my best, knew what it took.
And all she expected in return
was for the institution to have her back.
So you better get comfortable
with the sight of me, Byron,
because I'm not leaving
until you tell me what she died for.
[tense music playing]
I'll just use the restroom.
Excuse me.
[Catherine exhaling]
Foxglove.
What is it?
[door creaking open]
Where've you been?
I'm sorry. It took longer
than I thought to get back.
You left, right?
When they took me in the back, you left?
Well, I... I was going to, but--
Rose, we agreed
that if something were to happen--
I know. But, Peter, I did it.
I got the key card, I found the briefcase,
I... I took the photos,
and I snuck out in time.
I did it.
What do you mean? Where are they?
On Noor's phone.
We're gonna get them tomorrow.
- Uh, please don't be mad.
- I'm not--
I'm not mad.
[Peter scoffing]
You shouldn't have been there.
Okay? You... you should've left.
You promised me.
Rose, if something
were to happen to you, I--
[tender music playing]
I'm okay.
You're okay.
We did it.
You did it.
[music fades]
[ship horn blaring]
[Peter] Hey.
- How was the party?
- [Peter] It was messy.
- Emil helped us out a lot though.
- [Catherine] Yes, I heard.
- Who knew Rose had it in her?
- I did.
Find any more ties
between Solomon Vega and Foxglove?
I had an illuminating
dinner conversation last night,
the details of which are still incoming,
but the tenor of it
left me feeling unsettled.
[water sloshing]
This is the part of the job
they leave off the brochure.
[softly] Yeah.
You lose anybody like this before?
Once. A while back.
I'm sorry.
I used to meet Alice here
every other week for our debriefs.
The pier was her preference.
I always thought the choice was tactical.
It's public, it's flat, only one way in.
But then I realized...
she just loved the water.
Back in, uh, Bangkok,
she had me running
this all-night surveillance exercise.
[Peter chuckling]
Uh, it turns out, we were just following
her favorite food truck.
[both laughing]
And that's the secret.
The thing that makes any good agent great.
Appreciating the little things?
Yeah.
[somber music playing]
Alice did that better than any of us.
[music fades]
Oh, you're not meeting
with that eel again, are you?
You were in such a rotten mood
after last time.
- He's my cousin, Sloane.
- Well, that's barely related.
They let cousins marry, after all.
Besides, he's off-putting.
He's like an outside dog.
Weasel's more like it.
He's making moves behind my back.
It's time he's reminded
of the proper pecking order.
[hanger clattering]
Here.
Wear this one. It's more regal.
It's not a tad loud?
Loud colors project strength.
Go on.
[tense music playing]
[elevator bell chiming]
[elevator door closing]
[Markus scoffing, chuckling]
[Markus] Whew.
Hmm.
[Markus sniffing]
[Tomás] Sagrados.
Imported from Havana.
- [inhaling] Mind if I help myself?
- [Tomás] No, of course not.
After all, it's what you're best at.
I don't understand.
Our plan is moving ahead.
Are we not to celebrate?
Our plan?
No. My plan.
Which, if you don't recall,
was quite simple.
Document the mobile lab for blackmail,
not steal it entirely, leaving
American bodies in your fucking wake.
- How much did that cost?
- [Tomás] What?
Your hands. Your nails.
- This is manicure, yes?
- So?
Hard hands reveal hard work.
Soft hands reveal a... soft touch.
It's not your fault.
You were saddled
with more genteel expectations.
You're forgetting your place in all this.
And I think you're in over your head,
little duck.
Perhaps it's time
you showed a little loyalty.
To who?
You know who.
[Markus inhaling]
I wouldn't keep him waiting.
Your father grows impatient these days.
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
- Is she here yet?
- She's on her way.
You sure she has the pictures?
You saw the documents?
Yes. I mean, they were all in French,
but I scanned them all to Noor's phone.
- French?
- [Rose] Mmm.
Okay.
Okay. Give her a few minutes.
What's going on?
Will you excuse us?
Seriously?
Okay.
[footsteps receding up stairs]
Is this the intel on Foxglove?
What's left of it.
The rest likely vanished in a burn barrel.
I don't understand. It's a bunch
of loose names and chemical agents.
It's thin, but all of the pieces fit.
Clandestine R&D program,
theoretical chemists.
The idea was to conceive
of new synthetic weapons
the U.S. could get ahead of,
then create antidotes, solvents,
to counter their effects.
The only problem with that was,
well, they had to manufacture
the chemicals to know how to stop them.
The CIA, in conjunction
with the U.S. military,
secretly developed nine novel
chemical agents in a mobile lab,
which, as of Friday,
has gone missing.
What do you mean it went missing?
Like it's stolen?
They came in heavy.
Killed two Marines in the process.
Holy shit.
[ominous music playing]
[Rose] Can we come down?
Uh, yeah.
[footsteps approaching]
- Hey. Were you followed?
- No.
But the Mission is on alert
after what happened last night.
They're saying you broke
one of the guards' collarbones.
Who is she?
She's with us.
I was told you played a major part
in getting us some much-needed intel.
Is that right?
It is.
That kind of cooperation
goes a long way with me.
The photos of the documents
Rose took, you have them?
Hey, it's okay. Give her the photos.
I... I didn't bring them.
But they are safe.
Noor.
I gave you my word, and I will honor that,
but first I need to know
that you will honor yours.
We have to know
what's in those documents. Now.
We'll get your family out,
but it'll take some time.
How long?
Javad is combing through
every second of our security footage,
and soon he will start asking questions,
interrogate the whole Mission.
I... I cannot wait any longer.
Peter, she's not wrong.
Extractions take time to plan,
especially in hostile countries.
Miss Taheri, the people
that gave Abbas that intelligence
stole something extremely dangerous.
Those documents could tell us
who they are, what they're plan--
No!
You people ask more and more
while you have held my family
over my head like a carrot.
And I've delivered now.
I've put myself at risk.
I've betrayed my country.
Now it is your turn
to do one thing for me.
Noor, please.
Where's your phone?
I told you.
Peter.
I transferred the photos to a drive.
Where?
If those documents
are as important as you say,
get my family out of Iran. Now.
Then you will have your photos,
not before.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]
[theme music ends]